feeding others to provide for your own a
nearly impossible task in Gaza where
water is scarce and ingredients are Out
Of
Reach Nabil shanar still manages to put
together hearty meals that she sells
where she
can I prepare rice pudding I also sell
traditional stewed beef and Bavarian
cake to support my children in this
situation so we can be independent and
don't have to rely on anyone else
nabila says she doesn't want handouts
only the ability to provide for her 13
children and
grandchildren but it's simply not enough
Israel has cut up Food Supplies into the
trip destroyed fields and farms and
restricted Aid coming in pushing up
prices for basic vegetables and foods
with some items going up to 50 times
their original
cost the UN saes more than one in five
households in Gaza go days without
eating including nabila's family nabila
is just one of many mothers trying to
adjust to life in a war zone and provide
for her family selling food she has made
with her son has become a daily ritual
and a means to
survive today for example apples cost 17
shekels a kilo more than $4 my son yaan
stood next to an Apple vendor and said
he would like to eat apples I bought him
three apples for 12 shekels when
children see such things and they desire
it you can't tell them you don't have
the money they simply don't understand
when they want something they just want
it this time Yen's mother managed to
ease his hunger but the boy's needs are
growing with him his mother says she
can't afford to buy him clothes and
shoes or even the fruits he
[Music]
wants Yan helps her sell food at 14
years old he's having to ensure his
family
survival sometimes people come to me who
don't have money they would beg me to
give them stuff for free I would say
that I can't I truly can't because I'm
financially responsible for my
siblings yes's family still gives out
more than it can afford
to women suffer I know woman whose
husband has died she buys from me
sometimes she would have money other
times she wouldn't have any so I would
just give her for free she has three
daughters by feeding each other and
providing for their young ones
Palestinian families are resisting the
war raged on their stomachs one meal at
a time H
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz